abolish abolit
abolition abolit
absentee absent
absorbable absorb
absorbent absorb
absorption absorb
abundance abund
accent accent
accentuate accent
acceptance accept
accretive accrete
accrual accrue
accusative accuse
achievement achieve
acidic acid
acidify acid
acidulant acidule
acidulate acidule
acquaintance acquaint
acquittal acquit
acrobatic acrobat
active act
adapter adapt
addition add
adherence adhere
administrate administr
admiral admiral
admiration admire
admittance admit
adolescent adolesce
adopter adopt
adversarial adverse
advisor advise
aeronautic aeronaut
affiliate affile
afghani afghan
african africa
agility agile
agreement agree
airier airy
alcoholism alcohol
algebraic algebra
alkalies alkali
allegation allege
allergenic allergen
allowance allow
alterate alter
alternate altern
alternation altern
alumnae alumna
alumni alumnus
alveolar alveola
ambition ambition
americanism america
amoebae amoeba
amply ample
amputate ampute
amputee ampute
analogous analogy
analytic analyt
anaphora anaphor
anecdotal anecdote
anemia aneme
anemic aneme
anger angr
angioplasty angioplast
angolan angola
angrier angr
angriest angr
angry angr
announcer announce
annular annule
annuli annule
annulus annule
anomaly anomal
anonymity anonym
antagonism antagony
antarctica antarctic
anticipate anticipe
antigenic antigen
antiquate antique
anus anus
aortic aorta
apotheoses apotheosis
appearance appear
applicate apply
appraisal appraise
approximate approxime
archer archer
architecture architect
argentina argentine
argument argue
arisen arise
armament arm
aromatic aroma
artery artery
arthritic arthrit
arthritis arthrit
artistic art
ascorbic ascorb
aspirant aspire
assailant assail
assassinate assassin
assistant assist
assumed assume
ate eat
athlete athlet
auctioneer auction
authenticate authentic
authoritative authorit
authority authorit
autistic autist
automata automaton
avarice avarice
averred aver
averring aver
aviatrix aviate
avoidance avoid
awoke awake
axiomatize axiom
backslid backslide
bacterial bacteria
ballistic ballistic
banger bang
bankruptcy bankrupt
banned ban
banning ban
baptize bapt
barbaric barbare
barbarous barbare
baroness baron
barrier barrier
batten batten
bearish bear
became become
began begin
begun begin
believe belief
believer belief
believers belief
belying belie
bent bend
betrayal betray
bidder bid
bigger big
biggest big
biliary bile
bilingual bilingua
bilious bile
binging binge
birder bird
bit bite
biter bite
bitten bite
bivouacked bivouac
blamed blame
bless bless
blest bless
blew blow
bloodier blood
blown blow
bluer blue
bluest blue
boater boat
bombastic bombast
bomber bomb
boomer boom
bossy boss
boundary bound
bowler bowl
brazen braze
breadth broad
breathe breath
breathless breath
brethren brother
briefed brief
brighten bright
brightener bright
brightest bright
broaden broad
broadest broad
brownies brownie
brutal brute
brutish brute
built build
bulkier bulk
bullish bull
burdensome burden
burmese burma
burner burn
burnt burn
business business
businessman businessman
businessmen businessman
busses bus
buyer buy
buzzed buzz
cacti cactus
caddy caddie
caliber calibr
calibre calibr
callous callous
calmed calm
calmer calm
camper camp
canadian canada
cancellate cancel
cancerous cancer
canned can
canter canter
capable capable
capital capital
carburetion carburet
carburetor carburet
cardiac cardia
cardial cardia
cardinal cardinal
careless care
carpeter carpet
carves carve
cashier cash
caster caster
cataclysmic cataclysm
catastrophe catastroph
cavalry cavalry
ceaseless cease
celebrant celebr
celebrity celebr
cellular cell
cement cement
cemetery cemetery
central centr
certainty certain
cervical cervix
challenger challenge
champion champion
changer change
chaotic chao
charger charge
charitable charite
charity charite
cheapen cheap
cheapest cheap
cheaply cheap
cheery cheer
cherubic cherub
chiefly chief
childless child
children child
chilean chile
chilly chill
china china
chose choose
chosen choose
christianity christian
circadian circade
circuitry circuit
citizenry citizen
civilian civilian
claimed claim
clanger clang
clarion clarion
classify classify
classy class
cleavage cleave
cleft cleave
clinic clinic
closeness close
closest close
cloudy cloud
cloven cleave
clung cling
coagulant coagule
coastal coast
coder code
coercive coerce
coherent cohere
coiffed coif
colder cold
collaborate collabor
colorant color
coloration color
colourant color
comatose coma
combinant combine
comedic comic
commander command
commendatory commend
commentator comment
communal commune
communicable communicable
communicate communice
comparative compare
compassionate compassion
compensate compense
compensatory compense
competitive compete
compilate compile
compiler compile
complaint complain
complexity complex
complexly complex
computer compute
computerize compute
concentric concentr
condemnation condemn
condition condition
condom condom
conducive conduce
configurate configure
confirmatory confirm
conjugal conjuge
conjugant conjuge
conscious conscious
conservatism conservate
considerate consider
consideration consider
consistent consistent
consolation console
conspiracy conspire
constant constant
consternation constern
consumer consume
contractile contract
contractility contract
contracture contract
contradictory contradict
contrition contrite
converter convert
convertible convert
conveyance convey
conveyor convey
coolant cool
cooler cool
coolest cool
copeial copeia
coral coral
corner corner
coronation coronate
corpora corpus
counselor counsel
courageous courage
courier courier
craziest craze
creamiest cream
creator create
credent credent
criminal crime
crispen crisp
crisper crisp
crispy crisp
criticism critic
criticize critic
croatia croat
crossbred crossbreed
crudely crude
crudity crude
cruelty cruel
crusader crusade
crystalline crystal
cuable cue
cuban cuba
cubic cube
curst curse
curvature curve
cushion cushion
custodial custody
custodian custody
customary custom
cyclic cycle
cylindric cylindr
cystic cyst
dangerous danger
darkest dark
darkly dark
deadly dead
december december
dee dee
deepen deep
deeper deep
deepest deep
deeply deep
defamation defame
defamatory defame
definition define
definitive define
degasses degas
degassing degas
degradation degrade
deliver deliver
deliverance deliver
democratic democrat
democratize democrat
denaturate denature
department department
departure depart
dependence depend
depletion deplete
deportee deport
deportment deport
depressant depress
deputy depute
desiccant desicc
desiccate desicc
despicable despise
determinate determine
determinist determine
deterrence deter
deterrent deter
devastate devast
developable develop
developer develop
deviled devil
devotee devote
diabete diabet
dialogue dialog
diarrheal diarrhea
died die
dietetic diet
dietitian diet
difference differ
digestion digest
digital digit
digitize digit
dignify dign
dignity dign
dimension dimension
dimer dimer
dinghy dinghy
dingier dingy
dingiest dingy
dingy dingy
diplomatic diplomat
dirtied dirt
disastrous disastr
discernible discern
discipleship disciple
disciplinary discipline
disclaimer disclaim
discussion discuss
dismissal dismiss
disparate dispar
dispersant disperse
disposition dispose
disturber disturb
distillate distill
distillery distill
disunity disunite
divergent diverge
diversity diverse
divination divine
divorcee divorce
doctorate doctor
doable do
dogmatism dogma
domesticate domestic
dominance domine
dominant domine
dominatrix dominatrix
done do
dopant dope
doped dope
dormancy dormant
dosage dose
dozer doze
drabber drab
drabbest drab
dramatic drama
dramatize drama
drank drink
drawn draw
dreamer dream
dreamt dream
dreamy dream
driven drive
drunk drink
dryer dry
dug dig
dumber dumb
dumbest dumb
dumpster dumpster
dwarves dwarf
dwelt dwell
easter easter
easy ease
eaten eat
echoed echo
echoes echo
ecuadorean ecuador
edition edit
egotist ego
egyptian egypt
electric electr
electrical electr
electricity electr
electrolyte electrolyt
electronic electron
elegiac elegy
element element
elemental element
elementary element
elves elf
embezzlement embezzle
emergent emerge
emiratis emirate
emitter emit
emojis emoji
employee employ
employer employ
enablement enable
encapsulate encapsule
encirclement encircle
encrustate encrust
entanglement entangle
enthusiasm enthuse
enthusiastic enthuse
entirety entire
entry entr
episodic episode
equal eque
equestrian equestr
equilibria equilibr
equilibriate equilibr
equilibrium equilibr
equivocate equivoce
errancy errant
errantry errant
errata error
erratum error
escapee escape
espionage espion
esterify ester
eternity etern
euphoria euphor
european europe
evader evade
evangelic evangel
evangelize evangel
eventual eventual
exaggeration exaggerate
excellence excel
excitatory excite
exhibition exhibit
exhumation exhume
existence exist
expedition expedite
expeditious expedite
expertise expert
exploratory explore
extolled extol
extolling extol
extrudate extrude
extrudible extrude
exudate exude
failure fail
faintest faint
fairest fair
fairly fair
fallacious fallacy
fallen fall
familial family
family family
famous fame
fancier fancy
farcical farce
farmer farm
fashion fashion
faulty fault
favorite favor
feckless feckless
feeder feed
feet foot
fell fall
festival fest
feverish fever
fezzes fez
fibrillar fibril
fibrillate fibril
fibrous fibr
fictitious fict
fiercely fierce
fiery fire
fighter fight
finely fine
finest fine
fish fish
fittest fit
fixer fix
flasher flash
flatten flat
flavorant flavor
fledgling fledgling
flew fly
flexible flex
flocculate floccule
flown fly
flung fling
foamed foam
foamy foam
foci focus
foggier fog
foggiest fog
foggy fog
foley foley
follower follow
footage foot
forage forage
forcefully force
forceps forceps
foregoing forego
foresaw foresee
forest forest
foretold foretell
forfeiture forfeit
forgave forgive
forgiven forgive
forgot forget
formed form
formulate formula
forsaken forsake
fossilize fossil
fought fight
fractal fract
fragment fragment
frailty frail
fraudulance fraud
fraudulant fraud
fraudulent fraud
freely free
freer free
freest free
freezer freeze
freshest fresh
frighten fright
fringing fringe
frivolity frivol
frolicked frolic
frolicking frolic
frontage front
frontal front
frontier frontier
furry fur
furtherant further
furtive furtive
fusible fuse
fusses fuss
fussy fuss
galactic galact
galaxy galact
gallantry gallant
gangster gang
gassed gas
gasses gas
gazer gaze
generous generous
geographic geograph
gilt gild
girt gird
gladder glad
gladdest glad
glibber glib
glibbest glib
glimmer glimmer
glisten glisten
gone go
gotten get
governance govern
governor govern
gradual gradual
grainy grain
grasper grasp
gravitation gravite
gravity gravite
greatest great
greenery green
grew grow
grieving grief
gritty grit
grossly gross
grower grow
grown grow
growth grow
guardian guardian
guilty guilt
gunner gun
gymnastic gymn
haitian haiti
halves half
hammer hammer
hamster hamster
handler handle
hanger hang
hanging hang
haploidy haploid
hardest hard
hardy hard
has have
hatred hate
hawaiian hawaii
hazardous hazard
hazy haze
healer heal
healthier health
healthiest health
hearten heart
heartless heart
heater heat
heavier heavy
hedonist hedon
height high
held hold
helper help
heraldry herald
heresy heret
heroic hero
hesitate hesitate
hesitation hesitate
hewn hew
hexagonal hexagon
hidden hide
higher high
highest high
hindrance hindr
hinging hinge
homely home
honesty honest
honoree honor
hooves hoof
human human
humanity human
hung hang
hungrier hungr
hybridize hybrid
hydrolyzate hydrolyt
hyperbole hyperbol
hypnotist hypnot
hypnotize hypnot
hypocrite hypocrit
hypothetic hypothet
identical ident
identification ident
identify ident
identity ident
idiocy idiot
idiomatic idiom
idiotic idiot
ignitable ignite
ignite ignite
imaginary imagine
imbibate imbibe
impinging impinge
immunity immune
immunization immune
incandescent incandesce
incarnation incarn
inclination incline
inertial inertia
infectious infect
inference infer
infinity infinite
inflammable inflame
inflammation inflame
inflammatory inflame
informant inform
information inform
informative inform
inhabitant inhabit
initial init
initiate init
injurious injure
inoculate inocule
inquiry inquire
inspirate inspire
instigatory instigate
instrumentation instrument
insuant insue
integral integr
integrant integr
integrate integr
intensify intense
intention intend
intentional intend
intentionally intend
intercession intercede
interference interfere
international internation
interpreter interpret
introductory introduce
intruder intrude
inventor invent
investor invest
iranian iran
iraqi iraq
ironic irony
irritable irrite
islamic islam
islamist islam
isomeric isomer
isotopic isotope
israeli israel
israelis israel
japanese japan
javanese java
jazzy jazz
jealousy jealous
jewish jew
jihadist jihad
jokester joke
journal journal
judgment judge
jumper jump
kenyan kenya
kindergarten kindergarten
kindest kind
kindred kind
knew know
known know
korean korea
kurdish kurd
laboratory lab
laborious labor
lacier lace
laciest lace
lacy lace
laid lay
lain lie
lament lament
lamentable lament
laotian lao
largely large
largest large
larvae larva
leader lead
legislature legislate
legitimate legitime
length long
leninism lenin
leninist lenin
levitation levitate
liable liable
libyan libya
licensee license
limber limber
lineation line
linger linger
linkage link
list list
liter liter
literate literat
literature literat
litigant litige
litigate litige
loader load
loaves loaf
loci locus
longest long
longitudinal longitude
louder loud
loudest loud
lowest low
lubricant lubric
lubricate lubric
lubricative lubric
lucky luck
luminescence lumine
luminosity lumine
luminous lumine
lumpy lump
luster luster
madden mad
madder mad
made make
mafiosi mafioso
magnetize magnet
magnification magnify
mailer mail
mainly main
majority major
malaysian malay
malicious malice
malignant malign
mammalian mammal
management manage
manager manage
maniac mania
marginal margin
marketeer market
martial martial
martian mar
martyrdom martyr
massive mass
mastery master
material material
matrice matrix
maturation mature
maxima maximum
mayoral mayor
meaner mean
meanest mean
mechanism mechan
mechanize mechan
media medium
member member
membranal membrane
memoranda memorandum
men man
menstruate menstrue
messenger messenger
messy mess
met meet
metabolic metabole
metallic metal
metamorphoses metamorphosis
metaphoric metaphor
metaphorical metaphor
metastatic metastat
meteoric meteor
methodic method
methodology method
metre metr
microscopy microscope
militarist milite
militarize milite
military milite
militia milite
millennia millenne
millennial millenne
millennium millenne
million million
mimicry mimic
ministry ministr
miser miser
mitochondrial mitochondria
mixture mix
mohamed mohamed
moisture moist
monetization money
mongolian mongolia
monitor monitor
monotypic monotype
monster monstr
monstrosity monstr
moody mood
morphous morph
mountainous mountain
moviegoer moviegoer
mown mow
mucilaginous mucilage
mucinous mucin
multinational multination
muster muster
mutinied mutiny
mysticism mystic
nauseous nausea
navahoes navaho
nearest near
necessary necess
nemeses nemesis
nervous nerve
neuronal neuron
neuroses neurot
neuter neuter
nevertheless nevertheless
newer new
newest new
nicaraguan nicaragua
nicest nice
nitric nitr
nitrous nitr
nodal node
noisy noise
nominee nomine
nonsensical nonsense
notion notion
nuclei nucleus
nutritious nutrite
nutritive nutrite
oases oasis
obesity obese
obligate oblige
obligation oblige
obligatory oblige
observer observe
occasion occasion
odorant odor
odoriferous odor
odorize odor
oklahoman oklahoma
oldest old
olefinic olefin
operatic opera
opinion opinion
opposite oppose
oratory orate
organize organize
orgasmic orgasm
original origin
originate origin
ostentatious ostent
outbred outbreed
outdid outdo
owner own
oxen ox
oxylic oxyl
paint paint
pakistani pakistan
palled pall
palling pall
palpable palp
panamanian panama
pancreatic pancrea
panicked panic
panicking panic
panning pan
paralysis paralyt
parentage parent
parishioner parish
parity par
parolee parole
partial partial
participant participe
partition part
passer pass
paster paste
patroller patrol
patronage patron
patronymic patronym
payment pay
pecan pecan
pedagogic pedagog
pedantry pedant
peeler peel
penalty penal
pendular pendule
penises penis
pension pension
pensive pensive
performance perform
periodic period
peripheral peripher
periphery peripher
permeate perme
permeation perme
permutate permute
perpetual perpetue
perpetuate perpetue
persistance persist
persistent persist
perturbate perturb
peruvian peru
peter peter
pharyngeal pharynx
phenomena phenom
phenomenal phenom
phenomenon phenom
philic phile
phobia phobe
phobic phobe
photographer photograph
physicist physic
pinging ping
picnic picnic
pitiless pity
pivotal pivot
planner plan
plasma plasm
plastic plast
player play
pled plead
plotter plot
plunging plunge
poetry poet
poiesis poiet
poisonous poison
policeman policeman
policemen policeman
pollinate pollin
pollination pollin
polyhedral polyhedr
polyhedron polyhedr
polymeric polymer
poorest poor
popular pop
porosity pore
portion portion
position position
prankster prank
prayerful prayer
precious precious
predator predator
predatory predator
pregnancy pregn
preservate preserve
prevailed prevail
previous previous
primary prime
printer print
prismatic prism
prisoner prison
prize prize
probable probable
problematic problem
prodigal prodigy
prodigious prodigy
producer produce
profitable profit
profligacy proflige
profligate proflige
prognosticate prognost
programmable program
programmatic program
programme program
programmer program
prohibitive prohibit
prohibitory prohibit
projectile projectile
prominent promine
promotant promote
propellant propel
propeller propel
prophesy prophet
protectorate protect
protester protest
prototypical prototype
protozoan protozoa
proven prove
prudent prudent
psychiatry psychiatr
psychoses psychot
publicly public
publisher publish
pulmonary pulmon
pumpable pump
pursuer pursue
pursuit pursue
pyramidal pyramid
quanta quantum
quantize quant
quarreled quarrel
quiescent quiescent
quizzes quiz
racer race
radian radian
radii radius
raiment raiment
rambler ramble
rancorous rancor
random random
randomize random
rang ring
ranging range
ransomed ransom
rapacious rape
reactant react
reactive react
reality real
realization real
really real
reaper reap
rebellion rebel
rebuttal rebut
recalcitrant recalcitr
receiver receive
receptacle recept
receptor recept
reciprocable reciproce
reciprocal reciproce
reciprocate reciproce
reciprocity reciproce
recitation recite
recitative recite
reckless reckless
reclamation reclaim
reclusive recluse
recognition recogn
recognize recogn
reconciled reconcile
recursive recurse
redden red
redder red
reddest red
reducible reduce
reduction reduce
redundant redund
referent refer
referral refer
refinery refine
reflexivity reflex
reft reave
refusal refuse
refutation refute
region region
register registr
registrar registr
regular regular
rehabilitate rehab
rehabilitation rehab
relation relate
relaxant relax
relaxation relax
relied rely
reluctance reluct
remainder remain
remaining remain
remedial remedy
remember remember
remembrance remember
reminiscent reminisce
renewal renew
repellent repel
repentant repent
reporter report
republican republic
rescuer rescue
resemblance resemble
residual residue
resinous resin
respiratory respire
responsible responsible
restoration restore
restraint restrain
retardate retard
retiree retire
retirement retire
retrieval retrieve
returnee return
reveler revel
reveller revel
reviled revile
revved rev
rewon rewin
rhythmic rhythm
richest rich
rider ride
riotous riot
ripen ripe
riser rise
rivalry rival
rode ride
rodent rodent
roller roll
romantic romant
romanticism romant
roomier room
roomiest room
roomy room
ropy rope
ruined ruin
ruler rule
rung ring
ruthless ruthless
rwandan rwanda
sacral sacra
sadder sad
saddest sad
safely safe
safer safe
safest safe
safety safe
said say
sallied sally
salvadoran salvador
sang sing
sank sink
satiety sate
saudis saudi
saver save
savory savor
savoury savor
savviest savvy
sawfishes sawfish
scandalous scandal
scanned scan
scarves scarf
scary scare
scavenger scavenge
scenery scene
scent scent
schemata scheme
schemer scheme
schism schism
schizophrenia schizophren
scientific scient
scleromata scleroma
sclerosis sclerot
scottish scot
scripter script
scrubber scrub
sealant seal
seamier seamy
secession secede
secretary secretary
secretive secret
secretory secrete
sedition sedition
seditious sedition
seemed seem
seen see
seldom seldom
selves self
sensitive sensit
sequencer sequent
serbia serb
serbo serb
serer sere
serial series
serious serious
settlement settle
settler settle
severance sever
sewn sew
sexy sex
sharper sharp
sheaves sheaf
shed shed
shellacked shellac
shellacking shellac
shelves shelf
shimmer shimmer
shiny shine
shod shoe
shone shine
shook shake
shopper shop
shortage short
shortest short
shot shoot
shoulder shoulder
shown show
showy show
shrank shrink
shrunk shrink
shrunken shrink
shy shy
signatory sign
signature sign
signee sign
signer sign
silly silly
simpler simple
simplest simple
simplify simple
sincerity sincere
siphoner siphon
sky sky
slain slay
slammed slam
slavic slav
sleepy sleep
slew slay
slimmer slim
slimmest slim
slimy slime
slippery slip
sloppy slop
slowly slow
slunk slink
slyer sly
smarter smart
smelt smelt
smoothe smooth
smoothies smoothie
smoothly smooth
smote smite
sobriety sobr
sodomy sodom
softer soft
sold sell
solder solder
solely sole
soloist solo
solver solve
solves solve
sooner soon
soonest soon
sovereignty sovereign
sowetan soweta
sown sow
spectra spectrum
spiral spiral
spiraled spiral
spoilage spoil
spoiler spoil
spoilt spoil
spontaneity spontane
squatter squat
stable stable
stammer stammer
standardize standard
standee stand
stank stink
starchy starch
statement state
statistic statistic
statutory statute
steely steel
sternest stern
stimulant stimula
stimuli stimulus
stingiest stingy
stolen steal
stood stand
stoppable stop
stoppage stop
storage store
strangest strange
strata stratum
strengthen strength
strewn strew
stricken strike
stricter strict
stringier string
strode stride
stronger strong
strongly strong
struck strike
strung string
stuck stick
stung sting
stunk stink
stupidity stupid
stymying stymie
subscriber subscribe
suburban suburb
succession succeed
suds suds
sudsing suds
sufferance suffer
sufficient suffice
sugary sugar
suggest suggest
sulphide sulfide
summarize summare
summary summare
sung sing
sunk sink
supernovae supernova
supplement supplement
supposition suppose
supremacy supreme
sureness sure
surfer surf
surgery surgery
swagger swagger
swam swim
swapped swap
sweeten sweet
swollen swell
swore swear
sworn swear
swum swim
swung swing
symbolic symbol
symmetric symmetr
sympathize sympath
symphonic symphon
symposia symposium
symptomatic symptom
synchrony synchron
synonymous synonym
synopses synopt
synthesise synthet
synthesize synthet
systematic system
systematize system
systemic system
systolic systole
table table
taker take
talkative talk
tallest tall
tallied tally
tanner tan
tannest tan
taught teach
taxis taxi
teacher teach
teamed team
teenager teenage
telemetry telemetr
telephonic telephone
telephony telephone
telesis telesis
tenacious tenace
tenacity tenace
tent tent
terrorism terror
terrorist terror
theatric theatr
themed theme
thermal therm
thieves thief
thieving thief
thinly thin
thinner thin
thinnest thin
thoughts thought
threw throw
thrown throw
tibetan tibet
tibial tibia
tidal tide
tied tie
timed time
timer time
timetable timetable
tinging tinge
tolerant toler
tolerate toler
took take
topical topic
toppled topple
total total
tourism tour
trader trade
trainee train
tranquility tranquil
tranquillity tranquil
transcendental transcend
transmissive transmit
transmittal transmit
triumphant triumph
trivial trivia
trochanteric trochanter
trod tread
trodden tread
troublesome trouble
truest true
tubal tube
tumultuous tumult
typical type
typically type
tyrannical tyrant
tyranny tyrant
ulcerate ulcer
unblessed unbless
unionism union
uniquely unique
unshipped unship
unstable unstable
ureteric ureter
usurpation usurp
utility utile
vacuumize vacuum
validate valid
valvular valve
vaporize vapor
vaporous vapor
vehement vehement
vehemently vehement
venomous venom
ventilate vent
veracity ver
vertebral vertebra
vestibular vestibule
vestigial vestige
vetoed veto
vetoes veto
vibrant vibr
vibratile vibr
vibratory vibr
vicious vicious
vied vie
vigilance vigil
vigilant vigil
vigorous vigor
virtuosity virtuoso
virtuoso virtuoso
vocal voce
volcanoes volcano
voltage volt
volunteer volunt
vying vie
waiver waive
wannest wan
warmly warm
warmth warm
wastage waste
waster waste
waylaid waylay
weakly weak
weaponry weapon
weekly week
weighty weigh
weirdest weird
went go
wettest wet
whiten white
whiteness white
whitish white
whizzes whiz
wholesaler wholesale
width wide
winner win
wintry wintr
withdrawal withdraw
witticism wit
wives wife
wizardry wizard
woke wake
wolves wolf
won win
wondrous wondr
woolen wool
woollen wool
worthiness worth
wove weave
woven weave
wrist wrist
writer write
written write
wrote write
wrung wring
wryest wry
yammer yammer
youngest young
yugoslavia yugoslav
zen zen
zeroes zero
